README.md, before:

# hello50
Hello World in 50 programming languages - 32/50

A personal challenge to write a hello world program in 50 programming languages. The only two conditions are that the compiler has to be installed on a local machine, and the program has to be written manually, and run successfully.

1- Ada: hello.adb

2- Assembly (MASM32): hello.asm

3- Batch: hello.bat

4- C: hello.c

5- C#: hello.cs

6- C++: hello.cpp

7- Cobol: hello.cob

8- Elixir: hello.ex

9- Erlang: hello.erl

10- Fortran: hello.f90

11- Go: hello.go

12- Haskell. hello.hs

13- Java: hello.java

14- Javascript: hello.js (hello.html is also needed to display the message on the browser console)

15- Julia: hello.jl

16- Kotlin: hello.kt

17- Lua: hello.lua

On Windows:
- Download Lua folder: http://luadist.org/
- Install CMAKE: https://cmake.org/download/
- Make sure the paths to Lua and CMAKE bin folders are in the PATH environment variable
- On Windows command line run: lua hello.lua

18- Matlab/Octave: hello.m

19- OCaml: hello.ml

20- Pascal: hello.pas

21- Perl: hello.pl

22- PL/SQL: hello.pls (run on Oracle SQL Developer)

23- PHP: hello.php

24- Prolog: hello_prolog.pl

25- Python 2: hello2.py

26- Python 3: hello3.py

27- R: hello.R

28- SQL: hello.sql (run on Oracle SQL Developer)

29- Swift: hello.swift

30- Unix Shell: hello.sh

31- VBScript: hello.vbs

32- Wyvern: hello.wyv

More will be added soon!

Commit message:

adding instructions for ASM on Windows

README.md, after:

# hello50
Hello World in 50 programming languages - 32/50

A personal challenge to write a hello world program in 50 programming languages. The only two conditions are that the compiler has to be installed on a local machine, and the program has to be written manually, and run successfully.

1- Ada: hello.adb

2- Assembly (MASM32): hello.asm

On Windows:
- Install MASM32: https://www.masm32.com/download.htm
- Make sure the path to MASM32 bin folder is in the PATH environment variable
- Run the following instructions on the Windows command line:
-- ml /c /coff /Cp hello.asm
-- link /subsystem:console hello.obj
-- hello

3- Batch: hello.bat

4- C: hello.c

5- C#: hello.cs

6- C++: hello.cpp

7- Cobol: hello.cob

8- Elixir: hello.ex

9- Erlang: hello.erl

10- Fortran: hello.f90

11- Go: hello.go

12- Haskell. hello.hs

13- Java: hello.java

14- Javascript: hello.js (hello.html is also needed to display the message on the browser console)

15- Julia: hello.jl

16- Kotlin: hello.kt

17- Lua: hello.lua

On Windows:
- Download Lua folder: http://luadist.org/
- Install CMAKE: https://cmake.org/download/
- Make sure the paths to Lua and CMAKE bin folders are in the PATH environment variable
- On Windows command line run: lua hello.lua

18- Matlab/Octave: hello.m

19- OCaml: hello.ml

20- Pascal: hello.pas

21- Perl: hello.pl

22- PL/SQL: hello.pls (run on Oracle SQL Developer)

23- PHP: hello.php

24- Prolog: hello_prolog.pl

25- Python 2: hello2.py

26- Python 3: hello3.py

27- R: hello.R

28- SQL: hello.sql (run on Oracle SQL Developer)

29- Swift: hello.swift

30- Unix Shell: hello.sh

31- VBScript: hello.vbs

32- Wyvern: hello.wyv

More will be added soon!
